In this lesson we're going to beautify the flash message
as well as confirm message so that it will make
our application more interesting and
look more professional. To do that
well not to install third party package called izi toast.
So this is the izi toast official website as you can see
this package provides some different types of
messages that you can try out such as success
warning
error etc.
and this package is the same package
but with the vue js integration.
So this package is built on top
izi toast to make integration with the vue js more easier.
So instead of install this package  we're going to install this one
let's copy this command
go to our terminal
and before we paste and run the command
don't forget to isolate our work in new branch
also
let's run npm run watch
here I'll open new terminal
paste and -D to indicate that this package is for development only
while it's install
let's see the configuration
here we need to import
the vue izi toast core package
izi toast stylesheet
and use it in vue instance. So let's copy this line
let's switch over to our editor and we'll place
them in the main javascript file which is app.js
Let's open that file.
And Paste the code here.
Now let's see how to use it.
OK here we can call this toast and then
you can call show, info, success etc.
The first argument is the message and the second
one is title and the third one is the option
let's open Answer.vue
and go to update method
and here let's replace this alert with this toast
success. This will be the message let's specify the title success
In this case.
And here also I'll specify option time out to three seconds
let's copy this line
and paste inside this catch method change the message to error
here we need to change error response data message.
The title will be error
and remove this line. Now let's do
the same thing to destroy method
select alert and replace with izi toast
alright let's save all changes
and let's give it a try.
reload the page
edit an answer
and hit update button.
as you can see
now we have beautiful flash message on the bottom left.
Now if you want to custom the position of
the flash message go to izi toast official
web site and go to documentation.
Here you can find various options that you can adjust to custom the flash message behaviour.
Before we try to delete an answer let's
also change a native confirm with
izi toast.
So if you see in the izi toast official Web site
it provides a confirm like this.
Here we don't need select instead will show yes no cancel button
So let's see the code
copy everything here.
Got to destory method
and paste here
here we don't need this functions so let's remove them from here.
Let's move this lines
inside yes callback function here
and here
we don't need this confirm anymore.
All right
let's save this and give it a try.
Reload the page
and try to delete an answer.
It's not working
Let me open my console
here
I forgot to change
this izi toast here
I need to change this to this toast
and here let's cut this message and put it in the first argument.
And let's also add title
and reload the page
OK
Now I have no error.
I'll hit the delete button.
Now we have beautiful confirmation pop up.
If I hit yes
Nothing changed
And here in the console we have another error
cannot read property endpoint of undefined.
Let me see my code.
All right here we need to change this function to arrow
function because when we are using function
`this` will refer to the object that was created inside this function.
While in arrow function `this` will refer to the value of
`this` in the environment where the error function
is defined
let's save and give it another try.
Delete an answer
and hit yes.
Now the deleted answer disappear
and the flash message show up.
All right so now we have successfully integrated izi toast
in our application and it make our flash message
and confirmation dialog much beautiful.
In the next lesson we're going to rewrite
this favourite button into vue js component.
So let's commit all changes and I'll see you in a second.